High Level Description:

Starting location:
	You start in the middle of a wide street that is filled with debris of once tall building now brought down to to its mere foundation. The street is filled with cracks and rocks all over the place. Pieces of the road is missing and you can see cars on fire or already burned. Telephone wires and electrical wires are all over the place and have lost current due to the power plant exploding. 

Looking East:
	As you stand east you see the road leads to a radio station the still looks intact after the destruction of the town. It tall red signal tower seems to be in full operation and has wires connecting to the single floor building of the radio station. The windows of the station are broken and the door appears to be off its hinge but still standing. The adjacent roads are blocked and cannot be passed due to buildings that have fallen and parts of the road missing.

Looking North:
	If you look north you see the only building to withstood the apocalypse. This building has been marked as the safe house for the town and people who survived take refuge in its high structure. The building consists of 28 floors and its design reminds you of those 1980’s hotels. You can see ruble of the other buildings creating a perfect path to the doors that are lined with a gold trim. The building truly resembles a beacon of hope.

Looking West:
	Now to the west you would see a colossal building that has greek lettering on it. This is the central bank of the city. It has the designs of Ancient Greek buildings with its huge pillars supporting its triangular roof the seems to have caved in a bit. One of the pillars is actually broken in half and part of the ruling is missing. Yet it still has a way to appear magnificent in a time of despair. The entrance is a humungous bi-folding door that has gold trim around to show that it is full of wealth. The steps has rouble around it and there is a lonely tree stump that is seen next to it. The adjacent roads are blocked by debris and cannot get passed.
